[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
This conversation
is going to be in
part about polarity--
the hallmark of our third
dimensional reality.
Wendy Kennedy will
explain how it is our job
to proficiently inhabit
the nature of duality
until we have shifted our
frequencies beyond this game.
Let's go to Wendy.
It's so good to see
you again, Wendy.
>>WENDY KENNEDY: Oh,
it's so nice to be here.
>>REGINA: And you had
so much transmitted
through you and to you
since we last talked.
But you know what I'd like to do
is if we can quickly just tread
back over one of the features
of our last conversation, which
is about this period of time
because I think right now we all
gain a certain amount of comfort
in having numbers, periods
of time and so forth.
And it was called
the frequency war.
So tell us the years
and what that means
and where we are
in it and what's
going to happen at the end
before we get into the duality.
>>KENNEDY: Sure.
So my guides talk about the
period from 2019 to 2026
as being referred to in the
future as frequency wars.
So during this
period that we're in,
there's a lot of vying for
our control of our frequencies
at the mental, emotional,
and physical levels.
So this is happening
at the human level,
where there are humans
who want to stay in power.
And so they're manipulating
the way that we think,
the way that we feel.
And then there's also an extra
dimensional aspect to it.
So I think people
are waking up to see
some of the manipulation that's
happening at the human level
because we're seeing repeated
patterns very quickly now.
But I think there's a
whole 'nother level that's
going to start to open up.
>>REGINA: A layer
that's invisible to us?
>>KENNEDY: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so how
do you-- how would you
describe that
invisible layer, as you
call it, interdimensional,
or even extraterrestrial type
of interface?
>>KENNEDY: In what regard?
>>REGINA: In terms of how
does the interdimensional work
with humanity and
control and manipulate.
>>KENNEDY: So, as the
guides explain it to me,
there are bloodlines.
There are humans who know, who
have been taught from birth
that they are part of a larger
community, that they are part
of a galactic
family, so to speak,
and that they understand
the nature of reality
and how it's manipulated.
And they're working with
some of these beings.
And so some of them
are guided to do this.
And then there are other
beings who have stepped forward
and are communicating
with humans.
And sometimes we
abdicate our power.
And we say, well, somebody in
a higher dimension, this beings
in a higher dimension, so they
must know more than I know.
So, OK, whatever you
need, I'm going to do it.
And that's not necessarily true.
They don't all have our
best interests at heart.
And the guides say
it's just the same
as it is here on the planet.
There are great people.
And there's some people doing
some not so great things.
And it's the same thing
in the higher realms.
>>REGINA: And it's
always interesting
because one of the
things I find fascinating
is to watch the
game of conspiracy.
And I've covered it a lot
over the last 25 years.
So when people speak in very
declarative and authoritative
ways about conspiracy
at the top,
oftentimes they haven't a clue
of what's actually guiding this.
And the faces that we
see and the names we know
are generally the minions.
This is a very dark, quiet
place that they operate from
and manipulate from.
So how does humanity
start confronting that?
Or not even confronting,
how do we deal with that?
Just raise our own
frequencies, just
shift our own game so
that we really can't
be manipulated any longer?
>>KENNEDY: And I think
that's exactly it.
And the guides have spent a
lot of time talking about this
and trying to help
people to understand
how to work with
their own energy field
because once we start
to claim our own energy,
decide how we want to feel, then
we're not able to be manipulated
in the same way.
And at that point, it's
like a house of cards.
And the whole thing will
start crumbling down
because these beings are trying
to manipulate the way that we're
feeling, the way that we are
physically, all of the things
we're exposed to, keeping us
in a low vibrational state.
>>REGINA: The whole COVID thing
happened in this frequency war
period of tribulation.
I mean, that's one thing.
>>KENNEDY: Yes, but
just all the chemicals
that are used in
our environment,
things we're exposed to that
keep us from tapping into higher
frequencies because
we don't even
feel well enough to function.
>>REGINA: To fight it.
>>KENNEDY: Yeah.
So a lot of it starts
inside and everything
that happens at
the physical level,
the guides say first
starts in the energetic.
So as we start to choose
those frequencies,
we can change our
physical structure
because we're drawn
to different things.
We're drawn to the foods
that will support us.
We're drawn to take
action in ways that will
support that higher resonance.
And really, that's
all we need to do.
They say it's
actually quite simple.
We just make it very complicated
in the way that we think
and the way that we feel.
And if we can just be present
and deal with this moment
and not worry so
much about the past
or what's coming in
the future, then we
can make the course corrections
that we need to in order
to maintain the frequency that
we'd like to see reflected back
as our reality.
>>REGINA: The
absolute power of now.
One quick question as
an aside, and then we'll
launch into the whole notion
of duality, the nature of it,
the purpose of it, and so forth.
From your guides, is it in
the best interest of those
hidden forces that are
population decreases?
Because we're certainly
seeing a lot of impediment
to procreation of all kinds
right now, whether it's
through toxic elements
in the environment,
toxic relationships,
toxic messaging.
It's changing.
>>KENNEDY: I think so
because just more to control.
And at some point,
it gets out of hand
and you can't control everyone.
And so I think, yes,
it is in their interest
to keep us from procreating.
And also the children
who are coming in
are coming in with a higher
level of consciousness.
So if you have too many
new children coming in
with that higher level,
the game can get away.
So I think they're really
trying to control that.
>>REGINA: Me too.
That's why I wanted to ask.
That's my instinct
on it as well.
And it's being accomplished.
We're going into decline.
In some countries,
it's insane what's
happening in Japan and so forth.
Anyway, so good.
Thank you on that.
So now we're talking
about duality.
And we often think,
oh, duality is just
a game for people on Earth.
It's only a game.
It's just here to
punish us until we
learn better and so forth.
So one of my first
questions would be,
does this duality
exist on all dimensions
since we are multidimensional?
Or is it something
that's exclusively
a hallmark of third
dimensional reality?
>>KENNEDY: So the way
my guides describe it to
me is that we're living
in a universe of duality.
So there are other universes
where there are multiple poles,
so it's not just dualistic.
And as you come
down in dimension,
then the frequency
gets a little heavier.
The range of that duality
also gets a little broader.
So my guides describe it
the way that they experience
reality in the
ninth dimension is
that you've got black, white,
and maybe two or three shades
of gray in between.
Where we are, we've
got black, white,
and 1,000 shades
of gray in between.
So there's a lot more
variation that we experience.
And part of that just
has to do with the fact
that we're living in
a physical reality
where we're operating under
the illusion of separation.
We're really not separate.
It's impossible to be separate.
But for the sake of the
game, we thought, well,
wouldn't it be interesting if
we could go down into density
and operate under the illusion?
How would that change the way
that we experienced reality
in the moment, how it
changed the way that we felt?
And so we thought, OK, well,
it sounds like a good game.
Let's go.
And we also have the benefit
of on this planet having
genetic material from
thousands of worlds.
And along with that
genetic material
comes all of the experiences
of all of the species.
>>REGINA: Very good point.
>>KENNEDY: So we've got a lot
of different building blocks
to play with.
So they also give the analogy
of having LEGOs to play with.
You've got 100.
What can you make
with hundreds LEGOs?
And what can you
make with 100,000?
So we've got a lot
more subtle nuance
that we can work with in
order to achieve goals to--
the ultimate goal really
is ascension to increase
our frequency.
So we've got lots of ways
to get to that destination.
>>REGINA: So looking
then at just the nature
of the multidimensional
humans, for example,
we know that as we're
walking around day to day,
we can feel the duality tugging
at us in our emotional body
and in our lower mind.
But once you get
to-- what happens
when you get to the finer,
higher mind of a human being?
Does the duality
ceasefire to exist
because that's more in
connection with soul, more
in connection with all?
>>KENNEDY: Yes.
So they talk about
it as having--
we have two minds.
We have the ego mind where
all the programs of lack,
limitation, and separation are.
And then we have the high mind,
which is more like pure logic.
And the way that we access
that is through the heart.
It's through the
multidimensional gateway
of the heart.
So when we're present, we
just have clear awareness.
And we can make
course corrections.
We have an awareness of
why things are unfolding.
Maybe we're experiencing
something that is a challenge.
And all of a sudden
when we connect
to the heart and the
high mind, we see,
oh, well, it's happening so
that I can learn boundaries,
or oh, this is happening so
I can work with forgiveness.
And then we can take
action, as opposed
to the ego mind, which is
just running like crazy.
And so we go into a contracted
state and we're defensive.
>>REGINA: So it seems
like part of the game
here is really, as you said very
early on in the conversation,
learning how to actually
occupy the moment
completely seems to be a real
struggle for humanity at large.
And we're being encouraged
to stay in the past
and to daydream into the future.
That's being encouraged
to be distracted
all the time so you never
occupy your moment, right?
>>KENNEDY: Right.
>>REGINA: It seems if we could
occupy our moments fully,
then we can go into that
higher mind-heart matrix
of relationship, right?
>>KENNEDY: Right.
And that's when you step out of
the game that's being played.
That's when you step
back into your power.
So I think there are
beings who are trying
to do absolutely
everything that they can
to keep us from being present.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So you're saying, now, if we're
continuing the duality path
here, that there's no
way around it, that's
the nature of our home
planet and the environment
we're playing in, that's our
school, it's our sandbox.
So you say that it's
very important for us
to start integrating
the polarities.
So talk about this for a little
bit because a lot of people
usually try to deny a polarity.
>>KENNEDY: So integration
really is releasing judgment.
And the universe
wants to bring us back
into this awareness
of wholeness,
that we are part of all
that is, and everything,
the dark, the light is
part of source energy.
And yes, a lot of
people, I think,
just want to focus
on the positive
and want to pretend that
the negative isn't there
or they want to push it away.
And actually, if you
desire to push it away,
then you're going to
start creating it.
Even though you think you're
focusing on that positive thing,
because you're still holding
judgment with the negative,
the universe says, well,
you're not in wholeness.
So I need you to see that.
And so we'll bring
you an opportunity.
And in the process
of manifestation,
that's really a big deal
because people will say, well,
why am I not getting this
beautiful thing that I
want, I keep thinking about it?
But you want it because you
want to avoid the negative.
And so you keep
getting the negative.
So once you can let
go of this judgement--
>>REGINA: Because there's
fear at the base of it.
>>KENNEDY: Yes.
So once you can let go
of the judgment of it,
then it doesn't mean that you
have to condone the negative.
There's some really
horrific things
that happen on this planet.
But it does mean that
you have to accept
that it's a valid
exploration of frequency.
And it is something
that a soul can
explore if it wants to but
doesn't mean that you have to.
And when you do that, you
let go of the judgment of it,
then you can release
that loop that you're in
and start to move towards that
higher end of the spectrum
that you want to experience.
>>REGINA: So as you say,
the integration process
is simply not putting up
resistance to either side.
But that doesn't necessarily--
so if something is
intrinsically unjust,
then how do we
contend with that?
Because there is going
to be resistance.
>>KENNEDY: So the guides
say that the soul wants
to have different experiences.
It doesn't mean that's
what the ego wants.
We can have some things
that seem unjust and unfair,
but those things also
teach us about ourselves
in many different ways,
at many different levels.
And so we will create these
situations and scenarios.
And humans will,
at the soul level,
volunteer to be a part of that.
So the collective
can see what we
may be doing at a very
small level to ourselves.
So the things that we see and
judge in the external world
are programs and frequencies
that we judge within ourselves.
Now, they may have a
different mask on them.
You may be holding
an issue of control.
And you look out
at the government
and you see all the
control mechanisms
that are in place with the
government, and you're angry.
And you're upset about that.
But you may have a
control issue running
in your own personal life in
a smaller way, where you've
got to try to get
everybody on the same page
as you to support you so that
you can get a particular outcome
or you are trying to control
and manipulate reality
so that you get the
end result that you
want so you don't have to
experience anything negative.
It's the same frequency.
It just looks very
different on the surface.
And so some of these
beings will put themselves
in situations and scenarios that
seem unjust so that we can see
that within ourselves,
where are we being unjust
in our day-to-day reality?
Maybe that's with
a family member.
Maybe it's even to ourselves.
Maybe we're not being fair.
We're being critical
and hard on ourselves.
And that's what we need to learn
from seeing that in the world.
And the collective
will change when
we start to change at
the individual level.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that
was my next question,
is when you're viewing
it at a collective level,
and then, of course,
there's outrage injustice
on a collective
level of humanity.
No one likes to see
oppression and cruelty.
As you say, first to
reflect and examine,
where am I doing,
playing that stuff out?
But then beyond
that, change never
happens, unless there's
a choice to say,
this doesn't serve us anymore.
There has to be blowback and
resistance at some point.
>>KENNEDY: But
there's a difference
in how we go about it.
If we try to fight it, we're
going to get more of it.
If we say, this
doesn't work, and we
start to put our energy
in what we want instead--
>>REGINA: Like building
from the roots up.
>>KENNEDY: Yes, that's
when change really happens.
Otherwise, we just stay
in conflict with the old.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
think that is so true.
So thank you for sharing that.
So are you up for
doing a channeling?
And how shall I
address your friends?
>>KENNEDY: So I actually
work with a lot of beings.
But the ninth dimensional
Pleiadian collective
comes in first and foremost
when I work with the public,
so you can call them the Ps.
>>REGINA: Oh, the Ps.
OK.
>>KENNEDY: That's
usually what they go by.
>>REGINA: OK, so
maybe we can chat
with the Ps for a little bit.
>>KENNEDY: Sure.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KENNEDY: Yes.
Hello, dear.
This is the ninth dimensional
Pleiadian collective.
And it is a pleasure
and an honor
to have the opportunity to
once again connect with you.
So how may we be of
service to you today?
>>REGINA: Well, thank
you for being here.
We're trying to figure out a lot
of things here on this planet
right now.
So one of the things
we're talking about
is duality and this
fine line between trying
to integrate reality--
this duality and at the same
time create higher outcomes.
A lot of people get
stuck in this, OK,
do I just say, hey, it is what
it is, accept it for what it is?
Or do I just go away
the other direction
and create, create, create.
Can you explain the nuances
of living within duality
and creating higher outcomes?
>>KENNEDY: Well, you even
explained it quite well.
So yes, you have to recognize
where you yourself are playing
out that same frequency.
And as Wendy was saying,
the mask may be different,
but the base frequency is there.
Especially if you're holding
judgment for something
that you're seeing
outside of yourself,
it exists within you
as well in the way
that you communicate with
yourself and the view
that you hold of
yourself and others.
So that is an important-- it is
a critical step in this process.
So once you've taken
a look at that,
you can forgive yourself
for holding the frequency.
You can acknowledge it.
Give yourself permission
to feel any emotions
that you may have stuffed
down as a result of holding
that thought or
that belief system.
And once you just
observe that energy,
you are able to allow the energy
to continue on its journey
and to flow out as opposed
to stuffing it down.
And then you move
into the new frequency
that you'd like to see instead.
So what frequency would
you like to build upon?
Maybe you want peace.
Maybe you want
tranquility, empowerment.
And then how can
you start showing up
in your own life holding
those resonances?
What actions can you take?
What shifts in your
perspective do you
need to make in order to
stay in and sustain alignment
with that frequency?
And then how may you be
of service in the world
to hold that frequency?
What actions can you
take in the world
to build that energy
in the collective?
And so that's how change will
happen at the collective level.
Some people will feel called
to take action and build
new institutions, new companies
or corporations that will
help support the collective.
They may choose to
work in smaller ways,
just with their local
community, to reach out and see
who needs support.
And not everyone
will feel called
to work in a particular
way on a particular topic.
But every one of you
has something within you
that is a deep
calling, something
that you want to bring forward
and share with the collective.
And as you start to get quiet
and tune in for yourself
about the things that
you're passionate about,
and then what can you do for
yourself to build that energy,
and then what actions can
you take in the community,
you will have a radical
shift in the world
when you all start taking
the time to do that within.
And it doesn't
take a lot of time.
That's the crazy thing.
You will say, well, I'm so busy,
I don't have time for that.
But in truth, you do.
It takes about five minutes
for you to start to tap in
and to gain some clarity.
And if you can take that and
do it several times a day,
you are starting to build a very
lovely foundation for yourself
in building a new reality.
And as we were listening to your
conversation before about some
of the control and the
manipulation going on,
this is also how
you change that.
Because if you don't take
command of your own energy,
somebody else will
take it for you.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Is there more on that
before I launch in?
>>KENNEDY: That's all right.
>>REGINA: I'm sorry.
Well, it seems like
right now, I would
love to know from
your perspective,
looking at humanity at large,
I don't remember a time where
there's this much division,
fear, blaming, victimhood.
Never seen a circus like this
before, of these emotions
all entangled together.
And it's across the board.
It's not just one side of
an issue feeling victimized.
Everyone's feeling
like they're the victim
of something or another.
If it's not each
other, it's the system.
Can you talk about
what that looks
like from your perspective?
>>KENNEDY: Well, this is what
this time was meant to be about
because you're moving through
a sector of space, which
is rich with photonic energy.
And it's like a start and
finish line for a cycle.
And as you are coming to
the close, this light,
this information
is supporting you
and healing what needs to be
healed so that you can elevate
your frequency and begin the
next round as you spiral up
in frequency.
And one of the
things that happens
in this dimensional range
is that as you go higher
in frequency, your perception
of time also accelerates.
So what you perceive to be a
24-hour day now feels more like
about six hours.
You're getting the same
amount of data in that time.
And because you've got
this compression of time,
you also have this recognition
of patterns that happens.
So you are seeing
the corruption,
you're seeing what's
broken and what
needs to be fixed and healed.
And yes, when
everybody is feeling
victimized at some
level, you can
start to see that, oh, here's
a pattern that everyone
has this energy running.
And that's one of
the things that's
also quite important for you
all to start recognizing,
is that everyone has
the same issues running.
Just you may be running it
in a slightly different way.
It might have a different
mask, as it were.
But when you start to listen
to what other people are saying
instead of just reacting and
spewing out your own stuff,
you're actually
listening to others
and what their needs are
that you'll find, oh, well,
I have that same
need within myself.
Maybe there's a
middle ground, a place
where we can come together.
But you've got to listen to
really hear what they're saying
and feel that base frequency.
The other piece of
that is that it's not
just some nameless organization
or group that you're
connecting with individuals.
And when you do
that, you all can
stand in a greater
posture of compassion.
And that allows you to hear
what's really being said
and what people's needs are.
And that will also allow
you to create greater change
on this planet.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
One of the things
we had talked about
is a lot of this division being
foisted upon us for purpose
to fill a handful
of beings' needs
that we don't even know of.
We don't know their
identities, where they're from,
or anything else.
And so what is your perspective
looking at those forces
and how effective
their game is and what
they're seeing coming
up in humanity in terms
of their willingness to now--
I know they're working hard to
keep the game the way it is.
But to start backing off,
what's it going to take?
As you said, just that,
just our awakening
individually one on one
and they start backing off?
>>KENNEDY: From our vantage
point, this is a fait accompli.
It's done.
>>REGINA: It's done?
Good.
>>KENNEDY: You will
cross the threshold.
It's just a matter
of which path are
you going to take to get there.
And yes, there are many
who are out there saying,
this side is saying this.
This is divided over here.
You're in opposition.
There's a lot of
storytelling about conflict.
But there is not nearly as much
conflict as you might think.
>>REGINA: Yeah, like
you said earlier,
we all want the same
things, essentially.
Most humans are looking
for the same things--
some love, some respect,
some security, companionship.
I mean, we're an easy
read in that way.
>>KENNEDY: Yes.
And your media, whether it's
mainstream or alternative,
is generally focused
on the negative.
>>REGINA: Well,
that's what I wanted
to get into next, the media.
>>KENNEDY: So there's a
lot of positive happening.
And we always say that if you
had a positive news report
and you were being fed
a steady diet of that,
you'd have a very
different planet.
But as you start to
connect with individuals
and you start listening to
somebody who may on the surface
have a different
perspective than you,
then that opens the door for
you to hear things in a new way.
It opens the door for you to
reevaluate your own thoughts.
And that's something that's also
important, that you periodically
take inventory.
Does this belief still serve me?
Do I still even align with it?
And you'll find sometimes no.
And that's important.
And some people
want to say, yes,
but I've got to stick
true to my values.
Sometimes those values were
inherent-- were inherited.
And they may not really support
your growth and well-being.
So you really have
to examine that
and hopefully you're
growing and changing.
And so some of those beliefs are
also going to grow and change.
>>REGINA: Yes, and one
of the things that's
been occurring to me along the
lines of what you're saying
is, it's a desire
of mine to start
creating real dialogue with
people who actually have
open hearts, regardless
of what their beliefs are,
as long as there's an open
heart, to begin talking
to each other, how did
you get to this place
and what you desire and
what your beliefs are?
and what were the things
that influenced you?
Because again, it's going
to come back to media over
and over, I think.
And so there has to be
an overarching message
here about media.
>>KENNEDY: So yes.
And you can unplug from that.
But pay attention
to how you feel
and what gets triggered in you
when you hear these stories
because that's the gold.
When you recognize that you
go into a contracted state
or you have anxiety,
then it's telling you
that there is some program of
lack, limitation, or separation
running.
Maybe you don't feel safe.
Maybe it's emotionally safe.
And you can see that
where, with your partner,
you're not fully
communicating because you're
afraid your partner is not going
to understand, or maybe at work,
you're not having a
conversation with your boss
about compensation.
There can be lots of different
ways that you all play this out.
But if you're not
feeling safe, then
start working with
that feeling of safety.
What would it feel like
to feel safe in my body?
to feel emotionally safe?
Because once you start to take
care of that limiting belief
within yourself, then you can
show up differently for others
to hear their story
because you're not
triggered in the same way.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Yeah, that is so true,
to be clear enough
yourself so that you can even
expand into someone else's story
enough to hear them.
Right now it's like we
all have earplugs in.
Everybody's talking,
but nobody's listening.
>>KENNEDY: Yes, very much so.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK, now, I don't
want to toss this out
because it's something
I've been thinking about.
So the notion of
reincarnation and the patterns
of reincarnation
within humanity, first
of all, what is an average cycle
after a person has left the body
and taken a little
bit of time out?
Normally, if you die of
natural causes, not someone
who's just been shot at a young
age in battle, but normally,
what's the average cycle before
you incarnate back again?
>>KENNEDY: Well, that
question is posed
from a linear perspective.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
And I know time is not linear.
But can we even
look at it that way?
>>KENNEDY: Yes, you can.
But let's say this, the
soul doesn't necessarily
incarnate in a
linear progression.
It will choose the
times in history
that serve the experience
that they want to have.
So if they really want to
work on a specific issue,
they might go back 3,000
years or go ahead 5,000,
so in all time.
But we understand the question.
And--
>>REGINA: Well, to get those
generational ancestral DNA
patterns and so forth.
So I'm looking at it in a linear
way that way just because--
this is the question
I'm getting to.
Do entire groups of us
start coming back in a time
and starting to express pretty
much what we were before,
looking to reinstantiate
the old ways of feeling
and doing maybe old sets
of morality and so forth?
Do we come in mass to do
this together sometimes--
>>KENNEDY: Yes, you do.
>>REGINA: --to recreate?
Because I'm thinking, the
way we're behaving right now
is very reflective of
my grandpa's generation.
>>KENNEDY: Yes, you do.
You come back.
And this specific time is a
nexus point for integration.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>KENNEDY: Many of
you have had times
in Atlantis, where you went
through a very similar situation
to what you find yourselves
in, with the corruption,
with the abuse of power, with
your own psychic and intuitive
abilities, the sense
of persecution.
So you will come back as a
group so that you can interact.
This is a special time
because of the nature
of your reality with
the internet, the way
that you have the
ability to travel.
If you think back 50,
60 years ago, people
didn't travel in the same way.
They didn't have as much
interaction with people,
so their group was
much, much smaller.
So this specific
time, you will have
beings who will
show up that you've
had for many different
lifetimes to work
through that karma,
if you will, to work
through those lessons that
did not get integrated
in another lifetime
in a different setup.
So you thought, well, let's
try it again here and now
on a slightly different
setup and hopefully where
we see all going actually.
You all are going to go through
this process of integration.
You're going to
release the judgments
that you held in other times.
But yes, you will
come in as groups.
In the past, the groups
were not as large.
>>REGINA: OK.
So then that would
bring me square
to the center of the
question, which is--
and I see the value--
I see the value in this.
But it seems on a
more prosaic level,
yes, the Atlanteans are back.
I interview a lot of them.
[LAUGHS] I'm one of them.
But on a more prosaic
level, grandpa's generation
and the kind of
simplicity, the desire
for simplicity,
standard morality,
and such that they embodied
maybe 50, 60 years ago,
that seems to be coming
back around for review again
and perhaps because
we've lost our way a bit
in terms of what
we're accepting as OK.
>>KENNEDY: So there's a
bit of a middle ground that
needs to happen because that
generation suppressed a lot.
>>REGINA: Oh, they did.
I'm not saying this is
all good by any means,
certainly with women, not--
>>KENNEDY: Yes, they suppressed
the way that they felt.
They didn't
communicate about that.
Then there was suppression
of different individuals,
different sects.
And here, everyone is
going to the other extreme
where there's overexpression.
So you're going to find your
way come to a middle ground
where, no, we're not going quite
that far where we were really
repressed and now we're
not going to a place
where we're overexpressing.
Yes, so you'll look to the past.
You'll look to some
of that energy.
And you'll feel into it.
But you will blend
it with some--
>>REGINA: More what the
times are calling for.
>>KENNEDY: Yes, in a
healthier, balanced way.
>>REGINA: Yeah, now
that makes sense.
And what about the
place of the feminine
within this whole awakening and
this wonderful energy flowing
through the cosmos, demanding
that we go to higher, more
fine levels of our self?
Where's the feminine
in all this?
Because there are a
lot of times we're
feeling like it's just not
being given much of a chance.
>>KENNEDY: It's front and
center because in the process
of manifestation itself, the
feminine always comes first
in a linear perceived reality.
And you start first with
the feminine internally.
That's the rooting
around and seeing
what frequencies are available.
You're working in the void.
You're examining.
And then you make a selection.
You move into the masculine.
And then you start to
emit that energetically.
And then you move back
into the feminine.
But in the external,
you are viewing
what is out in front of you
and what is coming to you.
And then you move
into the masculine
again and make a selection
and interact with it.
So there's this constant
flow between the feminine
and the masculine.
On the planet
right now, you have
been working with what we
will call the lower masculine.
And even the feminine has been
the lower expression of it.
So the divine feminine,
the higher aspect,
is first in being
resurrected, if you will.
And again, as you work
at the individual level
and you start understanding
the divine feminine within each
and every one of
you, it will help
you to start to see that
in the external world
that the feminine is honored
more, that stillness,
that calmness, that
creative energy,
not in an active, busy way,
but in a very focused form.
That is the feminine
where it's very focused.
And so as you're learning
to harness this energy
within yourself, you
can start to see it
elevated in the external world.
And again, like with all things,
as we were discussing earlier,
it first starts as an
inside job in order
to see it in the external world.
You'll start to see it
created and honored more.
But you've got to start honoring
it yourselves and where are you
not honoring that internal
softness with yourself,
where are you not
nurturing yourself.
And it doesn't matter
what gender you are.
You're not even honoring
it within yourself.
So how can you expect it to be
honored in the external world?
>>REGINA: Do you see a time
that's not that far distant,
where the feminine can
start coming forward
in a more obvious way, in
positions of leadership
of all kinds, in all
aspects, as it should be,
standing alongside male and
female alongside each other?
>>KENNEDY: Probably within
the next five to six years,
you're going to see it in
a much more dramatic way.
But that also has to do with the
shift in how you are setting up
your institutions.
That's coming.
And you asked Wendy at the
beginning about frequency wars.
At the end of your frequency
wars, around 2026--
and we still see it as a very
strong probability midsummer
to late 2026--
the probability of open
contact is quite strong.
And once you have
this open contact,
it is going to help you
all to really question
a lot of your natural resources,
your place in the universe.
And once you do that,
then it's a game changer.
You want to shift
your institutions.
You want to start
building society
in a new way that's a
much healthier way, a much
more balanced way.
And we see that coming at
the end of the frequency
wars in 2026.
>>REGINA: Wonderful.
And so this brings
us to the subject
of the young people being born.
I mean, some of them just
appear to be so incredibly lit
up and smart and much
more awareness and even
distant memory.
And are these essentially us
just incarnating human souls?
Are these other
kinds of souls that
are coming in in human
form at this time
to perhaps be here for
ushering in this shift?
>>KENNEDY: It's a bit of a mixed
bag, and so is your generation.
It's a bit of a mixed bag.
But children are coming in with
more light, more information.
Part of that has to do
with the parents just
being able to hold more
light and more information.
And this is also why
your children are so
attacked by the chemicals that
are being put into them when
you're looking at all
of the medications,
when you're looking at
the chemicals in food,
because these are amazing
little beings of light.
And they're coming in with
so much knowledge and wisdom
to share with the collective.
And so everything
is being done to try
to suppress that light
at the physical level.
And then as they grow older, at
the emotional and mental levels
as well.
But that is in part why
they are so targeted,
because they are
bringing so much light.
And many of them have
been here before.
They are from previous
generations, you asked.
Sometimes souls will come in and
turn around and go right back
out.
So there's no time lag.
Sometimes the soul might wait.
And honestly, right now,
probably not more than 20 years
because things are
changing so rapidly,
they want to get
right back into it.
If you'd asked us
thousand years ago,
they might wait a couple
hundred years to come back.
It just depends on what
the soul wants to learn.
So that's your linear.
>>REGINA: Yeah, interesting.
And so would that also
account for the instant--
the huge increase in the
instance of young people
taking their lives now?
>>KENNEDY: That's a
whole other conversation
because a soul
chooses its exit plan.
And whether you die of old age,
or an accident, or suicide,
it is always the soul's choice.
The soul will choose
to do everything
that it wants to
do with the setup
that it has for that lifetime.
So it is a soul choice.
And there is a hard out.
And there may be a
few other exit ramps
before that the soul can take.
So sometimes it's just
that the soul came
for a short amount of time.
But how a soul chooses
to leave will also
impact those that
are left behind.
And so a soul may
come in saying,
well, I'm going to take my
life because that's really
all I needed to do
in this lifetime.
But it will impact the parents.
And it will teach them
tremendous lessons
and help them to work and
maybe go off on a new path
that they would not have gone
off on before without that
as a life experience.
So there are many,
many levels and layers.
It is very subtly nuanced.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes, I understand.
>>KENNEDY: But oftentimes
it is to help to wake
those that are left behind up.
>>REGINA: Yes, thank you.
And my final
question to you will
be, if you can reflect
back to us-- as I said,
when you're looking at
all this fear and division
and such, that's one glimpse.
Can you tell us now in
reverse, the glimpse
that you see where
you really are seeing
some positive shifts
in light rising
and what that looks like,
where we are learning?
>>KENNEDY: Well, we
actually see you there.
The challenge is that
you can't see yourself.
We're having a conversation
with you right here, right now.
That would not have
happened 15 years ago.
20 years ago.
So light is rising.
You just aren't
seeing it perhaps
at the scale that you'd
like to see it at.
But that scale is going
to be exponential.
So the next several years will
be very important for you all.
We're very excited.
There are many other
beings who are present
observing what's
happening because this
is a very special
and very sacred
time that you all
are going through.
We know in the midst of the
chaos, it doesn't feel like it.
But there is so
much chaos that's
stirring the pot that it's
giving you the opportunity
to let go of the old in a way
that perhaps if there wasn't
as much chaos, you wouldn't do.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>KENNEDY: So we would say, as
you get to 2026, whether contact
happens or not,
all right, you all
will have an awakening of
sorts over what has just
transpired to say these things
are no longer working over here.
We need something better.
Let's start building.
Let's put our minds together.
Because right now, if you
look at your governments,
it's more of the same.
It's the same people just
being shuffled around.
You've got a lot of very
bright people on your planet,
so it's getting those minds
together more at the grassroots
level and not trying to
work from the top-down
but the bottom-up.
And you won't find that you
have as much resistance in order
to get new ideas
out, that people
will be hungry for, that
they'll be collaborating
in new and exciting ways.
You'll be thinking
about the world
and your place in the galaxy
within the solar system
in a new way, regardless of
whether contact happens or not.
We're pretty sure it's
going to come down
in the next several years.
But it's very fluid.
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
>>KENNEDY: And that goes into
a whole other conversation
about the nature
and reality of time.
You're just moving from
now moment to now moment.
And somebody that is
listening to this now,
three months from now might
be on a different now moment
than somebody else
who is listening
to the very same thing.
So their realities
can be different.
But for the most part, it's
a very strong probability.
>>REGINA: Excellent.
And there is a--
it's interesting
being on the planet
right now, that there
is almost a deep sadness
among people at large that
has occurred because
of the division
and separation from each other,
where families have split apart
and aren't speaking to
each other, friendships,
and so forth.
And maybe that's a good
thing, to yearn for something
more connected and feel a
sadness rather than righteous
indignation which
we felt in the past
like we were justified
in judging each other.
>>KENNEDY: Well, that is
your core wound, separation
from source.
And so you are playing that
out as you separate yourself
from others.
And you're feeling that
pain and that longing
and much of what
has been suppressed
in terms of you really opening
up and being your true divine
self.
There is a connection
that you are establishing,
a deeper connection with the
spark of the divine within you.
And so, yes, it's
playing out in a way
that may look painful
and challenging
in the external world.
But again, it's getting you
to look at the internal wounds
that you hold.
And that can help you
so that you can go back
to that relationship.
And you can hold a greater
sense of compassion and work
with forgiveness, forgiving
yourself, forgiving
the other person and learning
to communicate in new ways.
So it is teaching you.
And this is why we say
there's so much light.
But you all can't
necessarily see it
because you've
stirred the pot a bit.
And you're just
clearing that out.
And when you get a little
further down the line
and not that much further,
you're going to feel--
>>REGINA: Feel more obvious.
>>KENNEDY: --refreshed.
>>REGINA: Yes, wonderful.
Well, we're looking
for that refreshment.
And thank you so much for
speaking with us today
about all of this.
And we'll bid you farewell
and come back to Wendy.
>>KENNEDY: It's been
our pleasure, dear.
>>REGINA: So, Wendy,
wow, the time has flown.
So what I'd like to ask
you if there's anything
you saw in there that you
want to make comment on,
and if not, to do a little
light activation for us.
>>KENNEDY: I think we'll
just go ahead and do
the light activation.
>>REGINA: Let's do that.
>>KENNEDY: So I think there are
a couple of different levels
that we can get
with the activation.
One is empowerment.
Deciding what you want in
terms of how you want to feel.
Opening up to intuition
is the other thing
that they were showing me.
And deepening that
sense of connection
with self, with others,
with the planet,
and with your stellar
family if you want to.
>>REGINA: Wonderful.
So let's go for it.
>>KENNEDY: OK.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Take a nice deep breath.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] Take
another nice deep breath.
It's very interesting.
They don't always give me
translations for stuff.
But there's extra energy
that was in there for safety.
A lot of people
aren't feeling safe.
So that was also in
there, that you were safe,
that you are loved,
that you are supported.
>>REGINA: Thank you, my dear.
It's just so
mesmerizing as well.
You can feel the
energy, of course.
But it is mesmerizing in itself.
It's like, how does
this come out of you?
[LAUGHTER]
So, Wendy, thank you so
much for joining us today.
And I think these were just
wonderful messages for the time
from both you and from the Ps.
Thank you so much.
>>KENNEDY: Thank
you for having me.
>>REGINA: Fascinating
conversation as always
with Wendy.
You can connect with her work
through higherfrequencies.net.
You can also watch my
previous interview with Wendy
here on Gaia.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]